{Image context}
	SEM images are taken from angle that is normal to wafer surface.
	Strong evidence in either brightfield or darkfield image sufficient to call Blocked Etch verdict.

{Provide substrate description context. (texture, light, Silicone oxide)}
	Bright contrast regions of brightfield and darkfield images is SiO surface.
	SiO surface has a relatively uniform, bumpy texture.

{Provide comparator descriptions}
	Dark regions of image represent etched structures (comparator).
	Contrast can change slightly, within comparator depending on light source location.
	Darkest regions of comparators are evidence of image light source geometry and nothing else.
	Long-dimensions of all comparators within an image are parallel to each other.
	Positioning of comparators may be regular or irregular, in one dimension, or both.
	Line trench is a comparator that may terminate to a rounded cap in the image, or span entire image height or width.
	Short line trenches can terminate at both ends to rounded caps.
	Vias are comparators with a long and short side, with rounded corners.
	Wide vias are comparators with a long side that is longer than standard vias and a short side dimension comparable to a via short side, with rounded corners.
	Vias and wide vias may only land partially in the image frame.

{Provide material defect context.}
	Material defect is residual material that may rest on the SiO surface, an etched feature, or both.
	Material defects have boundaries that do not match the regular etched feature shapes.
	Material defects can be round.
	Material defects can be angular.
	Material defects can be porous.
	Material defects can have layered appearance.
	Material defects infrequently have similar and never identical texture to SiO surface.
	Large material defects can be out of focus.

{Pre-etch evidence}
	Material defects present before etch begins can block etch of underlying layers and structures.
	Principal goal is to decide whether imaged material defect is pre or post etch.
	Evidence has to be determined by inference of interaction between surface SiO, etched feature and material defect, in the direct vicinity of material defect.

{Comparator concavity}
	Slight comparator concavity is normal, especially on long dimensions of vias and wide vias, or as undulations in a line trench boundary.
	Uncertainty in normality of comparator concavity should be addressed by comparing to other comparators in the image.
	Sharp concavities, including acute angles in comparator boundaries are evidence of pre-etch material defect regardless of material defect presence.

{Inset surface lines}
	Presents as strip of SiO substrate bounded by a comparator concavity and material defect boundary.	
	A genuine strip presents as a continuous path connecting the SiO surface to the comparator interior. 
	A defect boundary that merely crosses the comparator without such a connecting strip does not confirm inset surface lines.
	Strips extending far enough can create bridge across an expected comparator.
	Evidence is strengthened by confirmation that strip has same texture as of SiO substrate.
	Evidence is strengthened by confirming strip contrast matches to SiO substrate.	
	

{Occluding defect Boundary conformance}
	Confirmed when a line within a material defect closely matches an inferred comparator boundary line.
	A line within an occluding defect often is accompanied by a distinct change in defect contrast when moving across the line.
	A conforming line within an occluding defect can be curved or (mostly) straight.
	Boundary conformance requires material defect present on the SiO surface, outside the etched feature, on the far side of the conforming line. 
	A defect entirely inside the comparator does not confirm conformance regardless of internal alignment.

{Non-Occluding defect Boundary conformance}
	Confirmed when a defect boundary closely matches a real comparator boundary line.
	A small portion or bump of a conforming line may extend into comparator.
	A conforming line of a non-occluding defect can be curved or (mostly) straight.
	Boundary conformance requires material defect present on the SiO surface, outside the etched feature, on the far side of the conforming line. 
	A defect entirely inside the comparator does not confirm conformance regardless of internal alignment.

{Sunken residual material}
	Material defect existing within a comparator that shares conforming boundary with material defect sitting on SiO surface.
	Material defect that shares either partial or full width of the conforming boundary.
	Can present as a darker contrast material than conforming SiO surface material.
	Is not related at all to the darkest regions of comparators which results from image light source geometry.
	Used to elevated blocked etch confidence when conforming boundary is not perfect match to real or inferred comparator boundary.

{Multiple material defects in image}
	Strong evidence associated with one defect solidifies pre-etch behavior of all

{Comparator occlusion}
	Existence determines relevant evidentiary pathways to confirming pre-etch material defect.
	May require comparison of etched features to other etched features on basis of size and shape.
	Inference of expected boundaries of occluded comparators is needed to assess boundary conformance blocked etch.
	Boundary inference for occluded comparators most straightforward for regular, repeating comparator layouts.

{Blocked Etch evidentiary requirements}
	Material defects present before etch process begins can drive SEM image behavior in different manners depending on composition of material and incoming process step at which it is deposited.  
	Confirm Blocked Etch evidence using, as needed, one of following three scenarios depicted in images:
	

1.  Material defect Spans at least one inferred comparator boundary.
	A. Comparator concavity supported by Inset Surface Lines 
	B. Occluding Defect Boundary Conformance and support from Sunken residual material.

2.  Material defect situated entirely within a real or inferred comparator boundary.
	A.  Blocked etch confirmed only by confirmation via contrast & texture that within-boundary defect is Surface SiO.

3.  Material defect spans no real comparator boundary.
	A. Comparator concavity - close inspection of nearby comparators needed to confirm that long ends of comparators are parallel with only natural undulations and no sharp concavities.
	

	
